Let's have a look now at the knowledge base.
The knowledge base, I don't want to go into too many details here,
basically shows the program how to properly set up the graph.
We have this structure here.
So we start by those pointy brackets here.
Then we mentioned the certain keyword, for example,
what kind of object is it that it's defined in this one line here.
Okay. In this case, it's a node.
A node has the ID 0, and associated with this particular node is this answer here.
Welcome, my name is MemBot and so on and so forth.
What would you like to talk about?
So that's the first node,
the root node of the graph which we saw a couple of slides ago.
Then comes the second node which gets the ID 1.
Also there's an answer here,
and this answer assumes that the user wants to know more
about pointers and then it tells some facts about pointers.
Also gives you the options for the next step here.
You might want to talk about smart pointers or the null pointer.
Actually, and this slide here,
we don't have all the nodes.
So these three dots here mean there's something missing.
If you want to know what's in the file, just open it up.
It's contained in the project,
but for brevity here,
we will only focus on three nodes.
The second mode which way you can go to starting from the root node has the ID number 2.
Basically, it's the node which is associated with the C++ memory model.
So here the chatbot tells you that when instantiating variables,
programmers can choose whether to do this on the heap,
on the stack, and so on.
From here onwards, you can ask the chatbot to tell you more about the heap,
about the stack, or about the keyword static for example.
At the bottom, we have the second type which is possible
to choose from in this chatbot project.
It's the type edge.
The edges also have an ID zero and one,
and apart from the ID,
we also have the property parent and the property child.
So this edge here is associated with node number 0 which is the parent-child.
Which is this one here,
the root node, and the child has the ID number 1.
So this is that one here.
So this edge here connects nodes number 0 and node number 1.
It has the keywords pointer and smart pointers associated with it.
So whenever I pose a question to the chatbot which contains either all those keywords,
we will move along this edge here.
The second edge here connects the root node 0
to node number 2 which is about the C++ memory model.
Here I have a couple of keywords associated with this edge which
are memory model and heap as well as stacks.
So that's the basic structure.
It's very easy to add new knowledge to the knowledge base.
Maybe you try it out for yourself once you play around with the source code.
The knowledge base simply add some more edges,
put some more content into it.
Maybe when you come to a point where you have significantly
expanded the knowledge base when you feel that this is a very versatile chatbot,
why not send us a text file so we can
upload it to GitHub to make the repository even better.
Okay. Enough on the structure for now,
let's take a look at your tasks here.